#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=experiment_timesfm/requirements.txt experiment_timesfm/requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   einshape
    #   fiddle
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   ml-collections
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   rouge-score
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   timesfm
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
array-record==0.6.0
    # via tfds-nightly
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   lingvo
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   t5
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
chex==0.1.86
    # via
    #   optax
    #   praxis
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   typer
    #   wandb
clu==0.0.11
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   seqio-nightly
colorama==0.4.6
    # via sacrebleu
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.11
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via pyglove
editdistance==0.8.1
    # via
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
einops==0.7.0
    # via praxis
einshape==1.0
    # via timesfm
etils[enp,epath,epy]==1.7.0
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   clu
    #   lingvo
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
fiddle==0.3.0
    # via praxis
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
flax==0.8.2
    # via
    #   clu
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
fonttools==4.55.3
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   huggingface-hub
future==1.0.0
    # via mesh-tensorflow
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
gin-config==0.5.0
    # via
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   t5
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via wandb
google-auth==2.37.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.1
    # via tensorflow-metadata
graph-compression-google-research==0.0.4
    # via lingvo
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via
    #   fiddle
    #   paxml
grpcio==1.69.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h5py==3.12.1
    # via tensorflow
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
huggingface-hub[cli]==0.27.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   timesfm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
immutabledict==4.2.1
    # via t5
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via etils
inquirerpy==0.3.4
    # via huggingface-hub
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   lingvo
ipython==8.31.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   timesfm
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jax[cuda12]==0.4.26
    # via
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   flax
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   timesfm
jax-bitempered-loss==0.0.2
    # via praxis
jax-cuda12-pjrt==0.4.26
    # via jax-cuda12-plugin
jax-cuda12-plugin==0.4.26
    # via jax
jaxlib==0.4.26
    # via
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   jax
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   timesfm
jaxtyping==0.2.28
    # via praxis
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.10.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via lingvo
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.11.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-http-over-ws==0.0.8
    # via lingvo
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
libcst==1.6.0
    # via fiddle
lingvo==0.12.7
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   timesfm
lxml==5.3.0
    # via sacrebleu
markdown==3.7
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via lingvo
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mesh-tensorflow[transformer]==0.1.21
    # via t5
mistune==3.1.0
    # via nbconvert
ml-collections==1.0.0
    # via clu
ml-dtypes==0.5.1
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   tensorstore
model-pruning-google-research==0.0.5
    # via lingvo
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   orbax-checkpoint
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   rouge-score
    #   t5
notebook==7.3.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-http-over-ws
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   contourpy
    #   einshape
    #   etils
    #   flax
    #   h5py
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   jaxtyping
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opt-einsum
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   pandas
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   rouge-score
    #   sacrebleu
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorstore
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   timesfm
    #   transformers
    #   utilsforecast
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.6.4.1
    # via
    #   jax
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.6.80
    # via jax
nvidia-cuda-nvcc-cu12==12.6.85
    # via jax
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.6.85
    # via nvidia-cudnn-cu12
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.6.77
    # via jax
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.7.29
    # via jax
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.0.4
    # via jax
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.1.2
    # via jax
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.4.2
    # via
    #   jax
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.24.3
    # via jax
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.85
    # via
    #   jax
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   praxis
    #   tensorflow
optax==0.2.2
    # via
    #   flax
    #   praxis
optax-shampoo==0.0.6
    # via praxis
orbax-checkpoint==0.5.9
    # via
    #   flax
    #   paxml
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   clu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
    #   utilsforecast
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   t5
    #   timesfm
    #   utilsforecast
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
paxml==1.4.0
    # via timesfm
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pfzy==0.3.4
    # via inquirerpy
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   wandb
portalocker==3.1.1
    # via sacrebleu
praxis==1.4.0
    # via paxml
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   inquirerpy
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   lingvo
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   paxml
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   wandb
psutil==6.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   wandb
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.5
    # via wandb
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pyglove==0.4.4
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   seqio-nightly
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.2.1
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   flax
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   libcst
    #   ml-collections
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacrebleu
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   flax
    #   typer
rouge-score==0.1.2
    # via t5
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
sacrebleu==2.5.1
    # via t5
safetensors==0.5.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   t5
    #   timesfm
scipy==1.15.1
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   t5
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   praxis
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
sentry-sdk==2.19.2
    # via wandb
seqio-nightly==0.0.17.dev20231010
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   t5
setproctitle==1.3.4
    # via wandb
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   google-pasta
    #   jupyter-http-over-ws
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   ml-collections
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   rouge-score
    #   t5
    #   tensorflow
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.13.3
    # via lingvo
t5==0.9.4
    # via paxml
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sacrebleu
tensorboard==2.9.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.9.3
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   tensorflow-text
tensorflow-datasets==4.8.3
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
tensorflow-estimator==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-hub==0.16.1
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   tensorflow-text
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.37.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.12.0
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
tensorflow-text==2.9.0
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   seqio-nightly
tensorstore==0.1.55
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   paxml
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tf-keras==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow-hub
tfds-nightly==4.8.3.dev202303280045
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
timesfm[pax]==1.2.6
    # via -r experiment_timesfm/requirements.in
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
tomli==2.2.1
    # via jupyterlab
toolz==1.0.0
    # via chex
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-http-over-ws
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.48.0
    # via t5
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via
    #   jaxtyping
    #   praxis
typer==0.15.1
    # via timesfm
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   etils
    #   fiddle
    #   flax
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   mistune
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich
    #   tensorflow
    #   typer
    #   wandb
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
utilsforecast==0.2.10
    # via timesfm
wandb==0.19.2
    # via timesfm
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   clu
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
zipp==3.21.0
    # via etils

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
